HOUSE INTERIOR - NIGHT
We can see ROY sitting on the floor changing channels by tilting his hand as every channel changes from one to the other. Roy changes the channels fast but suddenly returns to a new channel he just passed.
The news reporter CARLSON shows up talking about a man who made “severe crimes against society”.
CARLSON
(agitated)
Today, terrible crimes has happened by hand of the high school TYRONE WHISPERWIND, who talked lies to his students about our perfect society.
(angry)
This dishonest man went mad in the middle of the class and started inserting lies into our young citizens brains. Describing our life style as dysfunctional, broken and rotten.

As the CARLSON says these words, ROY show surprise in a negative way towards the actions of the TEACHER.
CARLSON
As we all know, every act against our beloved and perfect society where we can completely rely on COMPANY’s decisions or against COMPANY itself, is considered an act of terrorism.
(screaming angrily)
¡And all act of terrorism comes with a well deserved death sentence! 

The TV now shows the teacher on his knees facing the ground with his Robo-executor (the robot has the CORPORATION’s logo on it, almost every electronics and products has this logo, some of them in a very obvious way, some of them not that much)behind him (this kind of robot it’s used against terrorist attacks and as a symbol of power against evil).

CARLSON
¡COMPANY demands justice, and justice we’ll have!

The teacher it’s executed in front of the cameras. As the camera shows his cadaver, everything is in silence as his image fades out with darkness. ROY after seeing this stops looking surprised and start looking more calm.

The camera shows the silence of ROY’s house with soft lighting, showing numerous objects around the house with COMPANY’s logo. ROY turns off the TV with his power by moving his hand, stands up, walks around his house and sees a light bulb that’s about to fall, ROY moves his hand trying to put it in position and, all of sudden one of the doors opens and we can see a little robot (ABYS) looking at ROY through the door.

ROY immediately stops using his powers and hides his hand behind his back, trying to avoid the robot realizing he has powers. ROY looks nervous thinking that maybe the robot saw him. ABYS it’s a maintenance robot whos there to fix the light bulb. The light bulb starts to move slightly, about to fall above of ROY. The light bulb starts to fall and ROY stops it right above his head, ABYS, as a maintenance robot doesn’t understand what's going on and asks help in order to complete his task.

ABYS
ALERT, INEXPLICABLE CAUSES PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE OPERATION.

ROY panics and lifts the robot with his right hand using his powers trying to stop the alarm. ABYS sense it’s under attack and now starts requesting help to stop the attacker.

ABYS
(repeatedly)
ALERT, ALERT, UNKNOWN ATTACKER ACTS AGAINST MY DUTIES

ROY starts hitting ABYS against the walls until it stops. Once again, silence fills the room, ROY gives a step back, expecting something to happen and then a group of security robots get inside the house and start attacking ROY. ROY defends himself until one of the robots gets behind him, hits him and then all the other robots go over him. ROY faints and everything gets dark.

CORPORATION’S LAB - AFTERNOON

A scientific lab with a lot of futuristic stuff with a big container with water and ROY inside of it with a bunch of stuff connected to him. There is a screen showing different moments where ROY used his powers in the past and scientist looking at it. One of the scientist presses a button, sending an electric shock to ROY, electrocuting him for a moment and making a metallic box in front of him move.

ROY wakes up and looks at all the scientists with a confused look, then he gets electrocuted once more and once it stops he starts to panic, trying to escape. Starts lifting with his powers the metallic cube in front of him. The scientist look at him surprised and happy, seeing finally some advances in their investigation. ROY moves quickly the box against the crystal container and starts hitting it. The scientists crew starts to get scared as he continues and  starts to move slowly to the door, increasing their speed as the crystal starts to break.

The container breaks and all the water spreads in the rooms and the hall outside. ROY falls on his knees once the water it’s drained and quickly stands up run to the door, dragging with him the cables connected to his back.

CORPORATION’S HALL  - AFTERNOON

ROY runs through the hall with some scientist on the ground because of the water. Red lights move around the hall indicating danger. A security robot tries to stop him, but ROY throw him through the huge window on the wall, breaking it. Then ROY pushes himself up moving the cables that hangs from him, making him fly out of the hall.

CORPORATION’s OUTSIDE - AFTERNOON

As ROY tries to escape the installations, projectiles are thrown at him, he manages to stop some of them but one hits him and open in him a wound on the arm, making him bleed. In this moment ROY it’s not just trying to escape, his rage took over him, he makes a vortex with metal scraps around him, destroying everything on his path. 

ROY gets closer to the CORPORATION’s main tower as he gets attacked by more robots on his way. While that, metal scraps from the building fly away from the metallic vortex, destroying houses around. Then, a Robo-executer comes out from the top of the main tower and aims to ROY.

ROY as soon as he sees it gets in shock, the vortex start to stop, ROY remembers he’s seen it before in public executions and fighting terrorists attacks, ROY focus on the logo on the robot and realize that everything has the same logo in it, including the CORPORATION. ROY looks around all the chaos he made, destroying houses, getting people hurt and terrorized, then he understands that right now he is letting himself act guided by his emotions destroying the society he lived in his whole life, making him a terrorist, deserving to die. 

ROY looks at a hall where scientist are looking at him, understanding that the way he could continue living would be sacrificing himself as a lab experiment, but he can’t go back, he would rather die before going back.

As metal scraps fall from the sky, ROY moves one of the cables from his back around his neck and strangles himself to death.

THE END
